[Observability/Kibana][Alerting] Document per-alert snooze (#7522)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/incident-management/view-alerts.md

Acknowledge an alert to explicitly indicate that someone is investigating it. Acknowledged alerts have their `kibana.alert.workflow_status` set to `acknowledged`, which displays a badge in the alert lifecycle status cell.

Acknowledging an alert does not stop future notifications or affect rule recovery. The alert continues to update its status normally.

To acknowledge an alert, go to the Alerts table, click the action menu {icon}`boxes_vertical` for the appropriate alert, then select **Acknowledge**. To revert the acknowledgment, from the action menu, select **Unacknowledge**.

::::{tip}
To filter for acknowledged alerts in the Alerts table, enter `kibana.alert.workflow_status : "acknowledged"` in the KQL bar.
::::

## Snooze alerts [observability-view-alerts-snooze-alerts]

```{applies_to}
stack: ga 9.5+
serverless: ga
```

> Snooze an active alert to stop that alert's actions, like email or Slack notifications, from running, until you unsnooze it, the snooze expires, or an unsnooze condition is met. For snooze options, unsnooze conditions, and how to snooze or unsnooze an alert, refer to [Snooze alerts](/explore-analyze/alerting/alerts/view-alerts.md#snooze-alerts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snooze an active alert to stop that alert's actions, like email or Slack notifications, from running.  Actions resume when you unsnooze it, the snooze expires, or an unsnooze condition is met. For snooze options, unsnooze conditions, and how to snooze or unsnooze an alert, refer to [Snooze alerts](/explore-analyze/alerting/alerts/view-alerts.md#snooze-alerts).
```
This sentence is a little comma heavy and took me a minute to digest. Not sure if my suggestion is better or not, but do with it what you will 😄

Author: Applied in [`1e922da` (this PR)](https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/7522/changes/1e922daa344aa43797140830b1c7e8d30252a793).

To affect the behavior of the rule rather than individual alerts, refer to [Snooze and disable rules](create-manage-rules.md#observability-create-manage-rules-snooze-and-disable-rules) instead.

::::{note}

> :applies_to: {"stack": "ga 9.5+", "serverless": "ga"}

Reviewer: <img width="758" height="318" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c05797a9-f510-4dc1-a25c-737fcbbe0259" />

Serverless renders first here and in the applies switch it render second. Might want to adjust to make those consistent. 

You could also maybe avoid the applies_switch with something like: "Muted alerts in previous Stack versions or Serverless projects appear as snoozed indefinitely..."

Author: Fixed in [`1e922da` (this PR)](https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/7522/changes/1e922daa344aa43797140830b1c7e8d30252a793).
